don't waste time trying to save money in
many cases you can use this precious
time to earn more money than you're
trying to save
for example you spend several hours a
day commuting to your workplace
but it might be more profitable for you
to find an apartment closer to your
office
then you could spend your free time on
something more productive like studying
or having some more work done
once you have some extra cash you can
use the opportunity to choose
you can keep doing menial tasks or you
can pay someone to do it for you and
concentrate on higher value projects
and then you're likely to end up making
much more money in the future
try to have a financial cushion that
will allow you to lead the same
lifestyle for at least several months
if you stop getting money the best way
is to find some source of passive income
for example if you become a property
owner you'll get rent every month
and you won't have to do anything you
can write an ebook
then you'll get royalties you can also
get passive income
after investing in real estate shares or
securities
rich people rarely spend their money on
life coaches they usually have a lot of
life experience of their own
and they know that to achieve something
in life you need to have a goal and
enough willpower to reach it
if a person isn't ready for hard work no
motivational speaker can make them
successful
that's why most life coaches target
people with low income
and aren't at the height of their
careers those tend to believe that there
is a magic pill
which can change your life for the
better
always get your contracts in writing
rich people don't just go into business
with a handshake deal
it's the poor who tend to shy away from
signing any agreements
it happens either for a lack of legal
knowledge or because they don't want to
come across as greedy
and paranoid but then there's a chance
that your partner may remember your deal
differently
or there might be a misunderstanding you
won't be able to clear up
all because you don't have the terms in
writing
the wealthy rarely overspend even if one
of them is out there buying a lambo
their decision is based on their goal
and financial status at the moment
a person doesn't become rich because
they're great at spending money
you need to be good at keeping it try
taxing yourself
by transferring some money to a separate
account unfortunately
it's all too easy to dip in your savings
once you need or want something really
badly
but when you pay taxes you don't get
your money back and once you start to
receive your savings as taxes
you won't be able to waste this money so
easily anymore
rich people first add value to
themselves and then to the world
they start with improving their own
skills and their quality of life
this can help you convince others you're
worth a hefty paycheck
because in return you can add value to
their lives
you shouldn't focus on saving more money
a much better thought is
how can i earn more wealthy people
understand there's a limit on how much
money
one can save but there's no limit on how
much you can take
the wealthy rarely spend a fortune on
grooming
there are successful business people and
billionaires who are known to cut their
hair
on their own others have their hair
treated when they visit developing
countries
rich people try hard to steer clear of
junk food
these days the wealthy prefer simple and
healthy foods
junk food is high in cholesterol and
carbs and low in vitamins and minerals
that's why eating junk food regularly
may lead to unpleasant consequences
and rich people know it's often cheaper
to prevent a problem
than spend a fortune solving it
people who have their mind on becoming
rich don't rent
they buy when you rent an apartment you
literally pay someone else's mortgage
they do take some financial risk in case
some repairs are needed
but on the whole the apartment owner
both makes money
and gains assets well you give them your
money and simply occupy their space
it's not a great investment sure buying
your own property isn't a piece of cake
but if you manage to do it you'll be one
step closer to getting rich
the wealthy don't try to save money when
it comes to health they pay high annual
fees for concierge medicine
to get help anytime they need it and
rich people never look for cheaper
health care prices or bargains
the wealthy avoid getting saddled with
late fees it's a waste of money they
could otherwise save
they automate their payments this way
they don't have to deal with high
penalty rates
wealthy people don't sleep in they have
too much on their plate
every day and use all the benefits of
waking up early
one study found out a 44 of rich people
get up three hours before their work
starts
and only three percent of the poor do
the same
the rich do not just buy new things they
invest
they pay for costly kitchen appliances
not because they like wasting money
wealthy people know high quality things
usually serve longer
and they essentially save money by
buying a more expensive thing
that's why they think not about the deal
they could get but about the cost
per use never compare yourself with
others
social media these days is a powerful
tool that can also make you feel
lonely unhappy and worthless and this
prevents you from concentrating on your
own goals
rich people prefer to compare themselves
to their past selves
not to other people it makes them feel
accomplished and confident
value for money is one of the most
important life rules for wealthy people
even if they decide to spend millions on
a home they bargain like anyone else
but some rich people go beyond that and
choose to live in modest
inexpensive houses or they buy promising
real estate
while it's still inexpensive and when
its price skyrockets
they make a good profit
almost eighty percent of rich people do
physical exercise at least four times a
week
it's crucial for those who spend most of
their time in the office
besides keeping you in good shape
regular workouts boost your energy
and mood you sleep better and become
more productive
while searching for a job most people
pay attention only to the size of their
potential salary
but others try to figure out what new
knowledge they can get in their new
position
and how useful it can be later sometimes
it's better to accept a job offer from a
famous company with the lower starting
salary
this will give you an opportunity to
build a career and earn much more money
after some time
more than 60 percent of rich people
listen to audiobooks or podcasts while
they commute
or have free time the main idea is to
make your brain work
by feeding it something inspirational or
educational
rich people know there's no need to buy
a pair of jeans that cost
one thousand dollars if you can find a
high quality alternative
that's ten times cheaper the same goes
for other purchases
the wealthy don't blindly follow the
latest fashion trends
they don't buy up new collections just
because those are popular today
this isn't the best money investment but
what might be even more important
rich people don't feel the need to prove
anything to other people
you have to overcome your modesty and
promote yourself
most people think bragging about their
accomplishments and skills
will drive others away but in business
if you want to succeed
it's often absolutely necessary to put
yourself out there
never stop learning people whose goal it
is to become successful
keep trying to get as much knowledge and
experience as possible
they understand that learning is a
lifelong process
and some new information can make all
the difference when it comes to
remaining poor
or making a fortune
rich people know their budget and can
manage their money they don't overspend
if they use a credit card they do
everything to avoid paying finance
charges
by the way only eight percent of wealthy
people have more than one bank card
and 77 of low-income earners carry
several credit cards in their wallets
but the more cards you have the more
fees you have to pay
and the more difficult it is to keep
track of your spendings